# hello-world
Starting Repository
James O. Shank, Jr
90 North Dr
Lackawanna,Ny,14218
Home:  	jshankjr@hotmail.com	Cell:  716.480.9379

SUMMARY
Creative IT professional with 20 years of experience.  Uses strong problem solving, application development, and project management skills to enhance operational efficiency.  Utilizes skills and experience to increase return on investment and improve customer satisfaction.

CORE STRENGTHS
Creativity	Project Planning/Management	Problem Solving 
Leadership	Application Development	Implementation
Needs Analysis	Strategic Thinking	Documentation
Help Desk Management
System Integration	Programming
System Automation	Test Plan/Execution
Communication

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Siebel	Visual Basic	IBM DebugTool
Cobol	Microsoft Office	Microsoft Visio
Tortoise/SVN 	SQL	Progress 4GL
IBM  Mainframe AS/400
Unix	HTML
CICS	VB COM objects 
JCL
OpenView Service Desk	Javascript/VBScript	Windows Support
Siebel Reports
EDI	Siebel eMail Response
Unidata Multivalue Database	Progress GUI 
Unidata Unibasic


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Koike Aronson Inc.                                                                                                                          7/2011 – 12/2015
Programmer
Performed requirements gathering, analysis, research and development, and coordinated development efforts with software and service vendors, to create, enhance and optimize many business functions.  Also provided problem solving, critical support and training.
Researched and led the effort to establish EDI system, coordinating development with EDI service provider and MRP manufacturer..  Coordinated development of integration of incoming transmissions with MRP developers, and designed and programmed outbound integration on our side. Developed and trained personnel on the new EDI transaction procedures.
Optimized and redesigned Accounting Lock Box programs and procedures, increasing efficiency and intuitiveness and providing greater clarity and visibility to transactions as they were being processed.
Coordinated development of a procedure to allow the Engineering department to export Bills of Materials from their design software, and import this data into the MRP system.  Gathered requirements from Engineering team and coordinated development with the MRP manufacturer.  Planned, executed and coordinated testing efforts.  Later, provided programming assistance allowing Sales to also develop starting Bills of material for import.

CITI Corp, ADECO Temp Employee                                                                                           10/2010 – 4/2011
Business Analyst 
Worked with other analysts on an effort to migrate archived reports from one archival system to another. Responsibilities included ensuring consistency of content, accessibility and integrity of data between the two systems, which were web-based repositories for reports generated by IBM mainframe applications.

MOOG, Contract Employee                                                                                                 3/2010 – 7/2010
Analyst Programmer
Led an effort to convert the online help system in the company’s mainframe-based system from an existing system to another, less expensive system in concert with a separate effort to create an online web based help application with more complete information.
Performed analysis on existing system and some available options.  Compared and contrasted capabilities, ease of implementation, differences in capacities and appropriateness for the selected approaches.
Designed and implemented proof of concept for the selected application and approach.
Implemented selected approach and trained additional personnel assisting in the implementation.
Worked with software vendors to fill gaps  in functionality.
AZERTY, a Division of United Stationers Supply Co., Orchard Park, NY	2001 – 2009
Analyst Programmer
Implemented a successful Credit Card Processing method that decreased time spent on credit card purchases by 70%, replaced an insecure process and increased sales by 15% by opening up credit card purchases to a wider base of customers.
Provided changes in the company’s Siebel implementation that significantly increased efficiency by speeding up performance and streamlining the use of the application.
Implemented changes that greatly increased return on investment in the Siebel system by adding new functionality in areas of customer communication and service, inventory tracking, and statistical reporting.
Organized and implemented responses to requests for support from help desk for a user base of 300+ users across three call centers nationwide.  Facilitated responses through field technical personnel and vendors while monitoring system issues to escalate issues as needed.
Engaged in full development cycle activities
Gathered requirements from business stakeholders and end users.
Created functional specifications, and coordinated between technical and non-technical personnel.
Designed, planned, implemented, tested, coordinated installation or program changes.
Used Siebel, Progress 4GL, Visual Basic, Cobol, and various web technologies.
Worked on company Customer Relationship, Inventory Management, Financial, and Order Entry systems.  
Followed version control procedures using Tortise/SVN. 
Wrote and maintained Requirement, planning, and procedural documentation.  Initiated department’s Sharepoint wiki to make documentation available on the network.
Budget  
ADVANTAGE COMPUTER COMPANY, Williamsville, NY	1996 – 2001
Associate, Programmer/Customer Service Manager
Implemented new inventory system that increased efficiency by 50% using Progress 4GL.
Implemented a phone call tracking system using the Progress 4GL to support the customer service effort, adding tracking of customer problem and solution sets creating history and knowledge base.
Managed help Desk support for retail point of sale systems for over 50 stores, including phone and on-site support, machine construction, repair, and installation.  Expanded operation to include Customer Service/Technical support for end-user PCs sold online and at retail.  
Managed and performed phone support, coordinating call traffic among 10 employees.
Coordinated shipping of replacement parts, replacement machines, machines for repair, and returns as necessary, with an eye toward cutting shipping and material costs while still serving the customer.
Coordinated efforts of repair department to coincide with customer requirements.
Worked with shipping and manufacturing departments to reduce product defects/damage by 50%.

EDUCATION
BS, Computer Science, University of Buffalo, Buffalo, NY
BA, English, University of Buffalo, Buffalo, NY
